what is up you guys this is godson and
welcome to super seals newest update the
air sweeper so you guys this was
actually going to be called the air
mortar but for some reason they changed
the name and now we have it called the
air sweeper so we have a level 6 on a
townhall 10 and it's going to be
demonstrating how it works against some
of these troops we have a minion lava
hound and a dragon as well as a balloon
now if you notice the balloon is getting
the worst of it and it's pushing it back
further but this is basically a balanced
change to some of the air attacks that
we're getting if you notice a lot of
champion players and high-level players
are using nothing but air tubes so this
is probably just a balance to change the
tide so that now we have more people
using ground units and it just the
balances it out so we can see that it
actually can rotate you can put it
anywhere in your base and I'm really
excited to see how many people are going
to use this to their advantage if
they're gonna change up their base
designs and formulate some sort of new
defense strategy to put this thing in
there so that it's centered and that
it's protecting you because we only get
one that I know of this was a level 6
and they haven't really told me on what
level we're gonna get it or the stats it
doesn't do any damage
it doesn't do it's not like a weapon it
just pushes troops back and it's just to
balance this stuff out but I'm really
glad we have this and it's a good change
that we do need because I get hammered
pretty bad by some of these air players
and you can see it doesn't really affect
the ground units the spec is coming in
taking the loot and it's only pushing
the healer back so you guys tell me what
you think about this if you think this
is a great addition to the game let me
know and as always you guys make sure
you subscribe when I buy this thing and
show it off so thank you for watching
this is Gus and I will see you next time
that's enough